Add `parseFlakeRef` and `flakeRefToString` builtins (#8670)
NixOS/nix: doc/manual/src/release-notes/rl-next.md

- Nix now allows unprivileged/[`allowed-users`](../command-ref/conf-file.md#conf-allowed-users) to sign paths.
  Previously, only [`trusted-users`](../command-ref/conf-file.md#conf-trusted-users) users could sign paths.
  
- Two new builtin functions, `builtins.parseFlakeRef` and `builtins.flakeRefToString`, have been added.

>   These functions may be useful for processing `flake` `inputs`, `builtins.getFlake`, and
>   `builtins.fetchTree` style URLs/argument-sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  These functions are useful for converting between flake references encoded
  as attribute sets and URLs.
```
